id: 22834
date: 11/07/2014
title: JExperts Tecnologia / Channel Software Multiple Vulnerabilities
author: Luciano Pedreira
cves: CVE-2014-8558, CVE-2014-8557

CVE-2014-8558 - JExperts Tecnologia / Channel Software Escalation Access
Issues
Vendor Notified: 2014-10-27


INTRODUCTION:

The Channel Platform is an enterprise software project management (or
project management) developed by Brazilian company JExperts Technology and
present at thousands clients private enterprise and government enterprise.
This software consists of an integrated set of solutions in the areas of
strategy, projects and processes.


This problem was confirmed in the following versions of the Channel, other
versions maybe also affected.

Version: 5.0.33_CCB


DETAILS:

The Channel software is affected by Escalation Access. The variables
"action" and "key" can be manipulate by the GET method (passing parameters
at the URL itself), where a user, with restricted access, such as "read
only", can realize access to any other request of the call center of a user
other than him and even create or edit existing content posted of other
users.

A logged with any user at the system, just change the parameter of the
action ("action" variable) and the value of the key ("key" variable) to be
manipulated to get unauthorized access to the areas of others users.


Examples:

[1] set action to "acompanhar" and key to "201"
http://<server>/channel/ticket.do?action=acompanhar&key=201


[2] set action to "editar" and key to "100"
http://<server>/channel/ticket.do?action=editar&key=100

CVE-2014-8557 - JExperts Tecnologia / Channel Software Cross Site Scripting
Issues
Vendor Notified: 2014-10-27


INTRODUCTION:

The Channel Platform is an enterprise software project management (or
project management) developed by Brazilian company

JExperts Technology and present at thousands clients private enterprise and
government enterprise. This software consists of an integrated set of
solutions in the areas of strategy, projects and processes.


This problem was confirmed in the following versions of the Channel, other
versions maybe also affected.

Version: 5.0.33_CCB


DETAILS:

The Channel software is affected by Multiple Stored Cross Site Scripting.
The variable "usuario.nome" in page
".../channel/usuario.do?action=editarUsuario&id=XXX", accessible in menu
"Ferramentas" and submenu "alterar dados pessoais", and the variable
"titulo.form" in page "...channel/ticket.do?action=novoChamado", accessible
in menu "[incluir solicitação...]" do not sanitize input data, allowing
attacker to store malicious javascript code in a page.

#  0day.today [2023-03-24]  #